hey it's og don't call me and I'm a
kickin little something like this
and yo when I come to open the place you
don't want me to code we're gonna get
faced a bit hotter anybody in a hug you
do Shia sucks
damn damn my ship was wet I was hanging
low
hey Carl what up man I do you ever
thought about getting a writer to help
you out with this shit ya did oh who oh
me oh gee I'm in a rap game
no that ain't my thing but uh we'll have
to think about some hey how about if I
just invited by some for me only need
nobody what I think I just might have
found it does right I become the Messiah
Oh night Oh Oh writer Mad Dogs my book
from his home enhance Mad Dogs crime
book may be said you helped Carl come on
man I'm hot like fire or nah spinning
homie
I swear that okay
you
Oh
ah
this fox na kabhi fractious miss him so
bad
Tara you suck ass
Oh
ah
get off that bike
Hey look I got what you wanted oh you
ice cold do I catch you later
please homie
will